Objectives:

For Sprint #2, there are 4 primary features that we plan to integrate at the minimum. 

The first feature of sprint #2 will be user profile and resume management. This will be handled by Lucas, and the goal is to essentially cover the following.
Polishing the profile management for the job seekers, meaning to have the aesthetic style match the rest of the work and to make any essential changes to it if needed.
Another sub-feature is to polish the resume management in any way. This will be done simply by making sure that it works properly using test cases and to polish
anything extra. Finally the last sub-feature would be to display the uploaded resumes and profile management for job recruiters to view. 

The second feature will be the job search and job listing interface. This one will be covered by Joelle, and the goal is to implement a feature that allows the
job seekers to view the different jobs to apply to. The first sub-feature for this part will be to create a tab that the job seeker can use to view the jobs that
are publicly listed already. This will allow the user to have an easier time to apply to different jobs. The second sub-feature will be to provide a method for the
job seeker to be able to seartch and filter jobs. This will be done by implementing search bars that associate what job they're looking for with what jobs exist, and
also simply creating categories for jobs which the job seeker can filter through using a simple drop-down menu for instance. The last sub-feature for this part 
will be the ability for the job seeker to view the detailed job posting descriptions. This means that if a job piques their curiosity they will be able to click
on the job and view the requirements, the responsibilities, etc.

The third feature implemented will be the job application submission and tracking. This one will be covered by Maz, and the goal is to implementing a way for
the job seekers to apply for the different jobs that are listed. The first sub-feature that will be added will be the ability to apply for the job if the job 
seeker finds it interesting. This will be done simply by inputting their information (MIGHT CHANGE) and to simply submit it so it gets sent to the job recruiter.
The second sub-feature will be to have a page that allows the job seeker to track the status of their application. This means that they get to view at which stage
is their application in, such as if it's under review, if they received an interview, etc. The last sub-feature will be the confirmation to allow the job seeker to
know that their application got sent, which will most likely be a small message simply informing the user that the application has been sent.

The final feature implemented will be the recruiter dashboard and the posting management. This one will be covered by Harsh, and the goal is to implement a dashboard
that let's the job recruiter to create and manage the different job postings. The first sub-feature of this task will be to create the page to allow the job recruiter
to create and manage the jobs. This will be a blank page which will then get filled with the different jobs that the recruiter creates, with each jobs being modifiable.
It will be similar to the job description page for job seekers but instead the recruiter can change the information about the job. The last sub-feature that will be
implemented will be to create a page that allows the recruiters to view the different applications that was received regarding this job posting.

Outcomes:

1. We need to start by deciding how the layout of our page will looking
2. We need to decide the aesthetic the page will have
3. We need to think of a way to approach this solution
4. We need to create the front-end of the different pages
5. We need to create the back-end to send the data towards the database
6. Log any AI usage